Hold your fire!
All units. fall back.
This is Inspector Lavelle!
Put down your weapons.
and come out with your hands up!
We won't give up our guns.
If you want the jewels.
come get them.
I'll give you one good reason.
I don't have 'em. so you need me alive.
Here's another good reason.
If you come in. we're gonna die.
but we're gonna take out
three or four of you.
I have nothing to lose.
and you have everything to gain.
It's best we negotiate.
And what exactly do you want to negotiate?
Give me five minutes to think about it.
For starters. those four guys
behind the red truck?
I want them gone.
Team three. pull back immediately.
EMERGENCY ROOM
Attention. everyone! Clear the premises.
This is not a drill.
This is an emergency. Clear the premises.
Let me say it again.
Coming through.
This is not a drill. It's an emergency.
Evacuate immediately.
C'mon. c'mon. c'mon. Outta the way!
Bruce?
Hey! It's time to go.
Keep an eye on them. okay?
Anesthesiologist?
Official business.
Hang on!
- Bruce?
- We're leaving.
How many minutes so far?
I'm not sure. Three minutes.
Maybe three and a half.
Hey! You inside the RV.
your five minutes are up.
I need proof
that you're willing
to collaborate with us.
Okay. Inspector.
I'll tell you where half the jewels are.
They're in a letter box
at 33 Maxime Girald in Paris.
Check it out. Call me.
I want a team at that address immediately.
Yes. ma'am.
Have you noticed
how the megaphone comes in and out
at exactly the same spot each time?
That's precisely
what I was thinking myself.
- Shit. Roi. They're moving in!
- It doesn't matter. Run!
How wonderful.
They put on a puppet show just for us.
These are blanks.
Wow.
MONEY HEIST
BERLIN
This way!
You see that store?
I need you to go inside
and find us a glue gun for carpets.
Don't speak to anyone. Okay?
Off you go.
We've been through a half mile of sewers.
We'll keep searching.
There's only one tunnel.
- Inspector Lavelle.
- Inspector. I think we've found something.
The forensics team
analyzed these holes
they found scattered
across Polignac's apartment.
We found one hidden
in one of his indoor plants.
I think someone
did their best to hide them.
- All identical. all nine millimeter.
- Can I?
So what do you make of it?
From what I read in the report.
I believe they were used
to hide surveillance cameras.
If the report is correct
and Polignac's apartment
was. in fact. under surveillance.
then it's safe to assume
that he is no longer a suspect.
Thanks.
I've spoken with some forensics colleagues
in Spain.
There's only
one nine-millimeter camera available
that uses wireless technology
to record sound and pictures.
It has a maximum range of 100 meters.
So the people that were spying on Polignac
must have been in the same building.
Or how about...
somewhere right across the street.
The Gioconda Hotel.
A perfect spot
if you want to spy on someone.
You come and go as you please.
But they also have CCTV everywhere.
I'll see you at the hotel.
Team three. team five. move out!
Put your feet under this bar.
And grab that one as hard as you can.
Roi. what exactly are we doing?
A tarp sandwich.
What?
- So Cameron. how are your abs?
- Bad.
Try to breathe slowly.
We need to lower our heart rate.
We have a long journey ahead of us.
Simón is the thief.
What did you find?
He had two telescopes pointing over here.
He had a model of the auction house.
And photos of the jewels.
and... there was a gun.
Oh my God.
So. what now?
Yeah. what now?
I'll call the police.
- Paris police department.
- Hello.
My name is Camille Polignac.
I need to speak with Inspector Lavelle.
Um... about the jewelry robbery.
Please hold.
I would've trusted that man with my life.
I swear. Susi.
We've come to return your husband's
documents and personal items.
I have to ask you to open that safe.
I don't know the combination.
I've been living with a stranger.
I didn't know the combination.
I've said those words
far too often these past few days.
DON'T FORGET ME
- Where did he keep all this stuff?
- He kept it all in a safe in his office.
The police had to blow it up
'cause I didn't know the code.
THE LAST EVENING I SAW YOU.
I SPENT IT LISTENING
TO "YOU KNOW I'M NO GOOD."
- Madame Polignac?
- Hello. yes.
- I'm still here.
- I'm Deputy Inspector Laurent.
Inspector Lavelle is out of the office.
We're trying to contact her.
- Please stay on the line.
- Thank you.
François has a child with someone else?
And I've been asking him to have a child
for the last eight years.
You don't deserve any of this.
And who's this lady?
His mother-in-law.
His other one.
The kid looks just like François.
He's a bastard. your François.
Inspector Lavelle speaking.
- I got cut off. Call them back.
- Yes. ma'am.
Thank you.
That woman stole the key card
to your room.
- What do you think she's doing now?
- I don't care. We have a copy.
We have to move fast.
I'll bet she's calling the police
to get her husband released from jail.
I'm not sure she'll do it.
She'll think about it first.
That might be
our chance to get out of here.
Ten minutes.
Fifteen at the most.
I don't know. I don't know.
We're making a big mistake.
We have to get outta Paris.
There's no point in leaving
if we leave a trail of evidence.
Our only chance for staying free
for the rest of our lives
is if there isn't a shred of evidence
leading to us.
AMMONIUM CHLORIDE
Inspector. we have
a young man and young woman
who fit the profile.
Both are Spanish. around 30 years old.
They've stolen a police car
at the local hospital.
Two agents are being held in Nevers.
- Do you have any photos?
- Negative.
I want roadblocks established
within a 30-kilometer radius.
And I want
aerial surveillance immediately.
Attention. all units.
We are searching for car 224-R.
Two agents are being held hostage.
The vehicle was last seen
on highway A-77 at Saint Eloi.
Every police unit
in the country's looking for us.
Time to change cars.
RIVER PORT
That way. Maybe we can steal a boat.
Careful with the guns.
MARINA
CLOSED
Perfect.
- Let's go. C'mon!
- Faster.
Relax. man. I know what I'm doin'. okay?
There's eight milligrams of propofol
and eight milligrams of diazepam
per person.
That's the same dose
you get for open-heart surgery.
Shh! Shh.
For the next ten hours.
you're gonna sleep like a baby.
Sweet dreams.
Thank you so much.
If you hadn't picked me up.
I probably wouldn't be alive right now.
Shh. I hope that you'll get some rest
and that. um.
you don't end up suffering from PTSD.
Goodbye.
I'm gonna try to steal one of these boats.
I'll take care of the car. Take these.
I hope they've got good insurance.
Yeah. they should.
The truck's moving.
Stop the engine.
What's going on?
Step down from the vehicle
and open the trailer.
It's empty.
I'm not carrying anything. sir.
Police inspection.
Grab onto the bar.
and put your head on top.
When I tell you. arch your body.
Now.
I told you. it's empty.
Okay. close it up.
Thank you. sir.
They're comin' back.
Opposite way. Underneath the bar.
Now!
I can't.
Hold on. You can do it. Cameron.
There's nothing. sir.
All right. You can leave now.
We're moving again.
We're done. Let's go.
Hold on. The police just arrived.
I just got here.
Just two cars for now.
- It seems your mistress turned us in.
- No. No. no. no. That's the good news.
If she had turned us in.
there'd be a lot more than just two cars.
But obviously they're here
to follow up on something.
They'll wanna check the CCTV.
We'll have to stay here for the moment.
- Berlin?
- Keila?
I need you to hack the hotel's CCTV.
- I already did. It's deleted.
- The police are in the lobby.
Turn off the corridor cameras
so we can leave.
Then erase the hard drives.
including the wedding reception.
I can't. I'm in a boat on a river.
running from the police right now.
If you don't do this in four minutes.
Damián and I are dead men.
What's goin' on?
I need a better signal!
Inspector Lavelle. Criminal Investigation.
We are looking for two suspects
who may have stayed in this hotel
last week. or maybe even longer.
We don't know how many stayed.
but we do know they're Spanish.
It's possible they were guests
at the hotel. but... I'm not sure.
- Yeah.
- Hey. wait...
She looks like the woman
who stayed in 313.
Let me check.
The signal's too weak!
Can you go faster?
We need to find another relay.
You got it.
This is unusual.
Some guest files have been deleted.
And from what I can see.
it's that Spanish group.
If I may. we've had a Spanish group
staying with us
for the past 17 days.
Five of them checked out a few days ago.
One of the guests just returned today.
He's staying with the last member
of that group.
Quite a strange man. actually.
He would never let us
in to clean his room.
They're upstairs in 503.
Call the backup units.
Fred. no one can leave.
Got it.
Hey. do you have a monitor room
where I can check the security cameras?
Yes. we do.
I'll take care of the CCTV.
Follow me.
And I need you to get your master key.
Keila. what the hell is going on?
It's really slow. The signal's too weak.
We need to get out of the canyon.
Bruce. can you go faster?
This is as fast as it goes.
You two. the stairs. Go. go!
Sorry. it's an emergency.
Excuse me. It's an emergency.
- What's going on?
- We're almost out of the canyon!
Bruce. faster!
These are
all the security cameras you have?
Mm-hmm.
We're almost there.
You should have a signal!
We're good! It's working!
- Dammit. Andrés. Come on.
- I'm on the server.
I have to specify and select
the recordings where you appear.
Otherwise. it'll look suspicious.
Erase it all. Everything.
And disconnect the cameras on our floor.
Done! Now the cameras.
I don't know
which cameras are on your floor.
- I can only see numbers!
- Take them all down!
Police emergency. Sorry.
Somebody's taking down
all the cameras in real time.
Give me the master key.
Hurry up!
Cameras are disconnected!
Let's go.
We're almost there.
Police. open up!
Forget it. They left.
They're still in the hotel.
Lock down the hotel!
Emergency exits and parking!
No sign of the suspects.
Shit.
Sweetie. I've said nothing
because I'm your friend.
Because we're all free
to live the life we want.
Your husband. though...
he may not be a gangster like Simón.
but the bastard's still a fraud.
Are you comparing my husband with a man
who spies on me with telescopes?
No. of course not.
But your husband led you to believe
you were living a modern love story.
And that at night.
you could embrace the world
like some bohemian muse
because you were free.
You weren't free at all.
You were alone.
And meanwhile. there he was.
taking selfies at the pyramids
with another woman. his secret love child.
and a substitute mother-in-law.
And your idea
is to get one bastard out of jail
and put the other one in?
Oh no!
I feel so stupid.
I feel so guilty.
Guilty? Sweetie. not at all. Look at me.
- Did you steal anything?
- No. of course not.
I don't know. do you have. uh...
a hidden child somewhere.
uh. that you forgot to mention?
No. but I had an affair.
Sweetie. there's no comparison.
Let me make myself very clear.
In this story. there are two losers.
You. the number one loser.
graduated with honors and distinction.
And the second loser is your husband.
There's only one winner. Simón.
What needs to happen now
is that you become the winner.
Make them the losers.
And how am I supposed to do that?
By taking what he loves. His money.
No. No. you're crazy.
- Camille. think about it.
- Susi. you're insane.
You want me to take on a man
who's been planning
this robbery for years?
Nobody even knows how he got in.
Maybe he's part of the Mafia.
Who cares about that?
You know the identity of one
of the world's most wanted men.
One phone call from you.
and it's 20 years in jail for him.
But what do we gain from that? Nothing.
And tell me something. Camille.
If you were Simón.
wouldn't you gladly give some cash
to avoid jail?
How much is "some"?
If we ask for 20%.
we'd be wasting a good hand.
Sixty percent. we'd be asking for trouble.
Forty percent is reasonable.
I'm feeling dizzy.
Let's say that I agree to your crazy idea.
How do we find Simón?
That's the hard part of the plan.
Okay. I'm done. I'm outta here.
- Later. dude.
- See you guys at 11:00. okay?
Hey. guys. What's up?
It's time to play the Golden Choice.
You have ten seconds
to make the right decision.
I'm offering 15.000 euros for your bikes.
Take it or leave it.
And the clock starts ticking... now.
And that is how we escaped.
Most people think that to escape
is to run away as fast as possible.
But prisons are full of fast guys.
You have to look to the masters.
Houdini.
Copperfield.
Those who disappear before your very eyes
and leave you pondering.
"How did they do it?"
For their part. Roi and Cameron
traveled. wrapped up in plastic tarp.
An ingenious sleight of hand that meant
no matter how hard they looked.
the police would never see them.
And they traveled that way
for 645 kilometers.
Like it was a sleeping car.
Staring at the stars.
Welcome to Spain.
We're in the Pyrenees.
- Where?
- There.
Why do you always wear this glove?
I've had it since I was 13.
My mom died giving birth.
My dad took it pretty bad.
He had to raise me and look after me.
The kid who killed his wife.
I guess life
dealt both of us a shitty hand.
I'd lost my mother. and my dad hated me.
He had lost his wife and hated his son.
I used to be so angry. you know?
Sitting in school all day was really hard.
So at lunchtime. I'd take off and leave.
And where would you go?
Abandoned places.
I'd hang out
with all the good boys.
Fuck. we fought for anything back then.
For a ball. for a bike. for a girl.
Then. when I'd get home.
the school had already called.
My dad. he'd put me in a chair...
And he'd start to get rough with me.
I'm gonna teach you
how to sit still in class.
The self-control method.
You're gonna learn not to get into fights
or any of that other shit you get into.
Put your hand there.
Do what I say.
That's when he would burn my knuckles.
With his cigarette.
And that son of a bitch
would always take his time.
You see? You learned how to sit still.
So I ran away from home.
My career as a thief
began at 13.
But with no experience
in the art of thievery.
I'd been to court three times
by the age of 17.
and in and out of reform schools
like a boomerang.
And then I met Berlin.
I'm so sorry.
Why?
There I was. telling you about my shit.
when you had real problems.
And is the goat from back then as well?
That was Berlin's idea.
Really?
He said. "You and I
both have the devil in us."
"Next time you hear the devil calling.
and you're about to beat
some poor bastard to death.
look at the tattoo."
"And beat the devil to the punch."
Remember the guy from the race?
I just whipped your ass!
Another time.
I would've taken a wrench from the trunk
and smashed his head in.
Thanks to Berlin. I looked at the goat.
and I won.
We're pulling up. Get ready.
Come on.
Bruce and Keila
raced 130 nautical miles
on the 300-horsepower speedboat.
And close to Angoulême. they abandoned it.
Then they traveled 190 kilometers.
across country roads.
until they found another river.
the Dordogne.
Every new route acted like a firewall.
Keeping track of them
was getting really complicated.
Keila had an idea of
how to navigate safely
out of the Gironde estuary.
Good evening.
I'm sorry to bother you.
but are you busy tomorrow?
And from there to Spain
was just a few kilometers by sea.
What could've been
a panic-stricken escape fiasco
turned into a pleasure cruise.
What could be more romantic
than sailing down the rivers of France?
Bruce. can we talk?
Of course. What is it?
I'm not sure how...
Um...
Thank you for saving me.
That's all.
You know. with the snake
and the hospital and everything.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Actually. I've also got
something to talk about.
When. um...
When I was carrying you on my back.
and I could feel you slipping away.
And later. in the police car
when you held my hand.
and I could no longer feel your pulse.
I thought that I was losing you.
And... I realized then
how much it would hurt me
to lose you.
And if I could save you.
I wouldn't settle for us
just having coffee together.
Or calling each other
to say Merry Christmas.
And I know I could spend
the rest of my life hitting on you.
and that a woman like you
would never be interested in me.
I have no idea
what's gonna happen tomorrow.
That's why I'll say this now.
I think I'm falling in love.
In love with you.
Hey. Shh. Hey.
This is where we split.
You take your tins. I'll take mine.
You know how to find the Turkish guy?
Yeah. his name is Burak.
My guy's Turkish too. Ercan.
If all goes well.
I'll see you in three days.
Take care.
You too.
This can never happen again.
Promise me. okay?
Swear it. Please. promise me.
I won't be able to stop myself next time.
I promise.
In the outskirts of Paris.
a fourth ring of roadblocks
was being set up
60 kilometers from the capital.
SPAIN
Leaving by road
had suddenly become very complicated.
So we changed costumes
and became those two sporty guys you see
climbing to the top of the mountain.
And you say to yourself.
"Look at those admirable noblemen."
Riding from peak to peak.
it took us four days to cross France.
Traveling through rugged terrain.
Without ever leaving
the mountains.
We were the last to arrive.
We laid low together.
isolated in this wonderful estate.
waiting for the heat to blow over.
Until we were no longer headline news.
Until we were sure
there were no more loose ends
for the police to follow.
The only loose end left
was in the hands of someone else.
Ah!
Let's plan a trip to Argentina.
MADRID
FIVE MONTHS LATER
I really wanna go.
I think you'd love it there.
The landscapes
and the nature are beautiful.
Hello? Where'd you go?
We spent the night together.
but I don't think you were
with me more than ten minutes.
To be honest.
I'm trying to get over a relationship.
Mm.
Last night. when I saw you
at the bar. I thought this might be
the last night of my old life
and the beginning of my new life.
But this morning.
I felt once again the same emptiness.
I think it's best
if we go our separate ways.
Yes. I think so too.
I've been hiding there for a week.
At that café you told me about.
Whenever I'm in Madrid.
I always go to the same place.
The Buenos Aires Café.
And yesterday.
I finally saw you.
I wanted to turn you in to the police.
I was so angry
I wanted you to feel that pain.
But when I saw you with that woman.
well... my heart skipped a beat.
I realized then
that I was just fooling myself
with my ideas of wanting revenge.
I wanted to see you. Simón.
That's the only thing I wanted.
I haven't been able
to stop thinking about you either.
That woman...
She was supposed
to help me forget about you.
But I couldn't.
How can I believe you?
I saw everything in your room.
The telescopes.
the model of the auction house.
I saw your gun.
And yet. here I am like a fool.
And if you told me now
that you're not a thief...
I think I'd believe you.
I can't say it because it's not true.
For a start. my name is Andrés.
Andrés de Fonollosa.
Perfect!
I've told you too many lies.
But it's because I didn't have
any other choice.
I didn't plan it.
but while I was spying on your husband.
I fell in love with you.
Hopelessly in love.
Gotcha!
That's 20 years at least. We've got ya.
At night... you'd get up and read.
With... an air of sadness.
You'd dance
and sing and devour the world
with your dog.
And I wanted to be that dog.
attached to you for the rest of my life.
But I couldn't just stop what I was doing.
I couldn't just stop
and tell you the truth.
And there was no way to stop the heist.
No. I can't.
I need to use the bathroom.
It's that way.
To hell with it!
Of course I can do it!
Let's get outta here.
Hello. Inspector.
Ah.
Deputy Inspectors. What brings you here?
Well. who could refuse a trip to Paris?
We're here for an update
on your investigation. Any news?
I'll be quick.
Forensics have analyzed and classified
the DNA samples we got from the hotel
rooms and from the RV.
All in all. they found
more than 2.580 different samples.
It's as if the DNA
remains of every ethnicity
from every continent in the world
is scattered across the crime scene.
And of course. none of the samples match
with any known criminals we have on file.
These sketches are all we have.
Police sketches we put together
from multiple witnesses.
Well. they may have gotten away
with it for now.
but they'll pull another job.
And the next time it happens.
we'll be ready.
There's something important
we need to discuss.
No amount of money can compensate
for the pain
and humiliation you've caused.
Not to mention the collateral damage
of destroying my marriage.
Here's my offer.
In exchange for my silence. we want 40%.
I have information about you
that I'm sure will be of interest
to police around the world.
And what exactly is this information?
Naturally. as a professional.
you are aware
that we've made copies.
And here are the three other tapes.
This is the one from your apartment.
the one from the safe.
and the one from the glove box.
All erased. naturally.
And I mustn't forget
this piece of evidence
you left in the bathroom.
The Band-Aid with the mark
of a microphone cable.
I also have something to say to you.
You should thank me. Camille.
for the collateral damages
you've talked about.
I'm not the one who destroyed
your relationship with François.
Your marriage was already a wreck
when I arrived.
Let's just say he was a dance partner.
not your soulmate.
Now. granted. he loved you
in a mediocre way.
But he could never make you happy.
I. on the other hand.
reminded you how happy you could be.
And you. me.
And you know what?
Our relationship
isn't some trivial affair.
It's real.
It's real love.
It's survived intact
these past few months.
despite our separation. despite the risks
and the distance
and the pain.
Yesterday. why couldn't we
restrain ourselves.
even though. deep down.
I knew you were coming back
to blackmail me?
Because our love is true.
It is unstoppable.
You can't ignore it.
no matter how hard you try.
It's the elephant in the room.
In fact.
an elephant in danger of extinction.
Because most people will die
without ever knowing it.
You tricked me.
- You used me.
- No. Camille.
I had nothing to gain from being with you.
In fact. I had everything to lose.
And yet. I wouldn't hesitate
to risk it all to get to know you again.
And another thing.
Even though you
no longer have the evidence
to blackmail me. I accept the extortion.
But first. you have to bear in mind
that all the jewels and precious stones
are currently being transformed
into new pieces in Turkey.
You know.
we have to transform all this stuff
because we can't really leave.
um. incriminating evidence.
So what you see here
is the first payment from Ankara.
3.800.000 euros.
Of course. I'll send you the rest
of the money once I receive it. okay?
- Works for you?
- Yeah.
That works for me.
FRANCE
Who would want convenient love?
Sometimes. we have no choice.
But you have to agree with me.
the craziness and vertigo
of loving someone you shouldn't
is so much more exciting.
The secrecy.
The thrill of risking your own life.
Going in. all or nothing.
riding the rollercoaster
of desire and pain.
JUNE 23. BLUE MOON BAR. SINGAPORE
I LOVE YOU.
Just to feel.
even for the briefest of moments.
like you're driving full throttle
into the unknown.
My dear friends.
love is the only thing worth living for.
Don't forget it.
I'm afraid I've had a few setbacks.
and I've lost my share.
I think we'll need another heist.
Fine by me.
My vacation was starting
to feel a little long.